Update README for db_and_auth template (#614)
stablekernel/aqueduct: aqueduct/templates/db_and_auth/README.md

# wildfire

## Project creation

> To use this template, from the command line, enter `aqueduct create -t db_and_auth <project name>`. This document will assume that project was created w/ the name `wildfire`.

Reviewer: Can remove 'This document will assume...'. The string 'wildfire' is just at token that is replaced at by your project name.

## Database

> For ease, use the same db name as the tests. The tests are run with a local PostgreSQL database named `dart_test`. If this database does not exist, create it from your SQL prompt.

Reviewer: Add reference to this doc: http://aqueduct.io/docs/testing/mixins/

Reviewer: One thing here - you'll actually need a new database specific for your app. If your app uses the same database as the test database, you'll get conflicts. The test database is cleared of all tables after your tests run. I think it makes sense to point them to the document above, and then also indicate they should create a database named after their project.

```
CREATE DATABASE dart_test;
CREATE USER dart WITH createdb;
ALTER USER dart WITH password 'dart';
GRANT all ON DATABASE dart_test TO dart;
```

## Setup instructions

### Database connection info

You must have a `config.yaml` file that has correct database connection info, which should point to a local database. To configure a database to match your application's schema, run the following commands:

```
# Note: if this is a new project, run db generate first, assuming you setup the `dart_test` db with `userid:password` of `dart:dart`.
aqueduct db generate

> aqueduct db upgrade --connect postgres://dart:dart@localhost:5432/wildfire

Reviewer: This is where we need to tell them that they have to create a new database

    --connect postgres://user:password@localhost:5432/wildfire
```

## Running the server

> Run `aqueduct serve` from this directory to run the application. For running within an IDE, run `bin/main.dart`.

Reviewer: Hah, good call - I can't believe that wasn't already in there!

## Running CURL commands to test the end points

The following CURL commands will be hitting the end points that are defined in `channel.dart`.

> ### Getting the Base64Encoding string

Reviewer: Let's change this title to 'Client Authentication'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Client Authentication
```

> Notice above that we have an `id` of `com.local.test` and a `secret` of `mysecret`. We will need the Base64Encoding of these values for use within the CURL scripts. For now, you can use [https://www.base64encode.org/](https://www.base64encode.org/) to generate the encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice above that we have an client identifier of `com.local.test` with the secret `mysecret`. We will need to encode these values as a base64 string in the Authorization header of some requests. As a convenience, you can use [https://www.base64encode.org/](https://www.base64encode.org/) to generate the encoded string.
```

> The pattern for the input string is `id:secret`. Using the `id` and `secret` from above, our input string is `com.local.test:mysecret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pattern for the input string is `id:secret`. Using the client identifier and secret from above, our input string is `com.local.test:mysecret`.
```

> Copy that string, `com.local.test:mysecret`, to the Base64Encoding page. Set the Destination charset to `UTF-8` and clidk the Encode> button. You should see the result of `Y29tLmxvY2FsLnRlc3Q6bXlzZWNyZXQ=`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After being encoded, these credentials are `Y29tLmxvY2FsLnRlc3Q6bXlzZWNyZXQ=`. If your client identifier and secret are different, this value will be different.
```

### Register a user (POST /register)

> To register a new user, we will hit the `/register` end point as defined in `channel.dart`. Use the following CURL command and replace the `<username>` and `<password>` with your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a new user, send a `POST /register` request. Use the following CURL command and replace the `<username>` and `<password>` with your own.
```

> Notice how the Base64Encoding from above is referenced. If you changed the `id` or `secret` above then you will need to update this Base4Encoding with your particular value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`curl -X POST http://localhost:8888/register -H 'Authorization: Basic Y29tLmxvY2FsLnRlc3Q6bXlzZWNyZXQ=' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"username":"<username>", "password": "<password>"}' -v`

You should see a response similar to this:

```JSON
{"id":3,"username":"marilyn","authorization":{"access_token":"cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAyww","token_type":"bearer","expires_in":86399,"refresh_token":"26o8xEOVKBfFvB3jg0rH8qnF2wWV9QBp"}}

```

For the next step, we will need the `access_token`, namely `cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAyww` from above. Note that when you run this, you will have a different `access_token`.

> ### Read me (GET /me)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get User Profile (GET /me)
```

To read information about yourself, once you have the `access_token` from the previous step above, you can run this CURL:

```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8888/me -H 'Authorization: Bearer cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAy'
```

> You should see a response similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the bearer token is the access token from a previous request, and not the base64 encoded client credentials. You should see a response similar to this:
```

```JSON
[{"id":1,"username":"marilyn"}]
```

### Update a User (PUT /users/[:id])

For this example, we will update our User. We can only update our own user. So we will need 2 things to be in sync, namely the `id` of the user and the `access_token` for that user. In our case, user `marilyn` has `access_token` of `cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAy` and she is `id` of `1`.

Here is the CURL command:

```
curl -X PUT http://localhost:8888/users/1 -H 'Authorization: Bearer cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAy'  -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"username": "bob roy"}'
```

You should see a response similar to the following:

```JSON
{"id":1,"username":"bob roy"}
```

### Delete a User (DELETE /users/[id])

For this example, we will delete our User. We can only delete our own user. So we will need 2 things to be in sync, namely the `id` of the user and the `access_token` for that user. In our case, user `bob roy` has `access_token` of `cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAy`. So here is the CURL command:

```
curl -X GET http://localhost:8888/users/1 -H 'Authorization: Bearer cUXqbTn0DIogyzq80jl2FHmCBa8BvIAy'
```

> For this command, there is no CURL output. To validate the record is deleted, use the PgAdmin tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this command, there is no CURL output. To validate the record is deleted, try fetching it again with `GET /users/1`.
```

> ### Get a Auth Toke for a User (POST /auth/token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get a Auth Token for a User (POST /auth/token)
```

> For this example, we will hit the `/auth/token` end point. Now we won't be using the `access_token` but rather the Base64Encoding that we generated earlier, namely the value of `Y29tLmxvY2FsLnRlc3Q6bXlzZWNyZXQ=`. This request requires that the "username" and "password" are passed in for an **existing** user. In our example, we currently have the user `marilyn`. Here is the CURL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a 'login' request that requires a user to already be registered. Client credentials are provided in the Authorization header, and user credentials in the body (in the query string format, not JSON).
```

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8888/auth/token -H 'Authorization: Basic Y29tLmxvY2FsLnRlc3Q6bXlzZWNyZXQ=' -H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' -d 'username=marilyn&password=password&grant_type=password'

```

You should see a response similar to the following:

```JSON
{"access_token":"kliJ8X6Rf9OCw31qbkTFzZhwBQ5n5MgA","token_type":"bearer","expires_in":86399,"refresh_token":"73Awjp9zzTWnmEGnuz7hIBFBaXahFPLt"}
```

> ### Get an HTML Form (GET /auth/form)

Reviewer: I was unclear, my bad - just the subsection in auth/form
